Something big happened to Mr. Zhu
Do you know that powerful Fuji Group?
Said that their person in charge just took the initiative to contact
Said to cooperate on a big order
If this order can be done
Can our company go to a big level?
Nurse Su
Why would the nurse suddenly touch me?
They didn't say that.
But the project owner will be here in the afternoon
Do you want me to pick you up?
No, I'm just going to the company.
It happened so suddenly
Don't be too happy
Wait until I get here.
The master went to Su's company, what's the matter?
revival
What's wrong, sister?
We are a cooperative relationship.
We are superiors and subordinates in the company.
I don't want anyone to know what happened between us
You don't have to think about using this identity to get benefits, understand
But sister, I
Know damn
I can't believe I feel a little guilty
Sister really crossed the river and demolished the bridge